Sister Meng
Still no news from mom
Mom, where are you?
Bitch, it's been more than ten years, and you still dare to run
I was really blind
To buy you, you restless mute
Be a daughter-in-law
I'm not your daughter-in-law
Hmph, you little stomach medicine
How dare you contradict you, you bitch who bought it with money?
It's up to you.
Mother, this dumb
I will do anything to come down the mountain to find me
Let's just break his legs
I'll see how he still runs down the mountain
You're right actually.
You ran down the mountain with me on your back
Dare to contradict me again
I will personally unload your legs today.
See if you still dare to run, I don't want to
Hey, hey, let go
Let go let go
You bitch, just let go
Is that what you do?
Ouch haha oops